Yeah, the red bull don't through.
Dick. Hey, what do you think of this? John Jones. That's going on?
Do you know what's happened? The UFC's moving from Vegas.
I, I saw this last night Angeles. When I got home from the comedy store,
break it down for me.
I'm having Jeff navvisky come on and break it down. Scientifically on Thursday,
a lot of people are calling, including Daniel Cormeier.
I talked to cor me on the phone. He was like, he tested positive again.
Can you believe this? And they're gonna let a fight.
I found out about it from Cormeier cormee told him they're gonna move the fight
to LA. I go, no, he goes, yes, Joe, they're moving the fight to LA. I'm like,
no, this can't be real. It didn't seem real. I'm like, I don't believe this.
I looked at his cormee's Twitter and I said,
it said he tested positive again. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then I looked,
I went what? This is like first thing in the morning. And he's like,
again again, but from what I understand from,
uh, reading Ariel hellwanney's, uh,
transcript of his interview with Andy foster and hearing what Jeff
nav Visky has had to say about it, what it is is the numb.
The,
the amount of it is soinfiniteessimal and it's the exact same
metabolite that he had been screened for,
that he tested positive for a year ago.
And that this could stay in a system in those kind of size of
is of the molecule.
It's like some 500000000th of a grain of San or something like that. See,
forget Google, what the actual number of the, how small this molecule is.
So Andy foster has said again, through this transcription of this, uh,
interview that he did with aiel,
Halwani that it's the same metabolite for the same substance that he tested
positive for that this is the same instance that the,
the number of it and it,
it indicates that this is something he's already been punished for.
It's the same exact he's already gone through his, you know, his steps.
And this is just ainfiniteessimally small metabolite. That's,
that's what I'm hearing.
So I would love to hear someone who doesn't think that that's the case that
thinks there might be some way to game the system. And the,
the big thought that people, uh, always bring up when it comes to this stuff,
is microdosing someone microdosing,
like you're the one who told me about that first. You were telling me about, uh,
somebody Alex Rodriguez. Yeah. Who is taking.
Tommy bears in the.
Seventh that were testosterone.
And he was so he would be up for the seventh, eighth, and ninth inning.
But by the time the 10th inning came, if they tested him,
it would be out of his system.
So I would imagine the testing is better now.
And this is one of the things that newvisky wants to get into that the testing
is far superior in now. So you're able to pick up these metabolites in much,
much smaller quantities. Okay.
So this is, so this test is from December 9th. Yes.
I wanna see what his test here it is, was leading up to that. And everything.
Was apparently was clean before that he said we were notified early this month
of an issue he has had over his most recent tests where a very small amount I'll
I'll fact describe how small it is, uh,
of a long term metabolite substance called D H C M T known as
oral turibal turibal,
which is the reason for his most recent suspension a year and a half ago. Very,
very small amount. But there was a number that I thought he said it too,
but I don't know why it's not there.
Where does it say the number there was a he's Mac rice or yeah.
Something like how much smaller it is in a grain of rice is it can't find it.
Yeah. Let'm try to find it. Um, yeah, look,
I get how everybody would be.
I get how everybody would think that he's a cheater. He's cheating again.
I get that. You would think that,
but I don't know if that's true and if it's not true,
it would be a shame to accuse him of it.
If it is the same stuff that was in his system that was ruled to be from a
tainted supplement.
Here it is apiccogram is 1000000000000th of a gram.
Novitsky said,
if you put one grain of salt on a table and split it up into 50 million
pieces,
apiccogram is one of those pieces of that gram of salt,
which is insane. So that grain of salt,
it's a 50 million times large or smaller than that. It's crazy. So it's very,
very, very, very small.
So if this is true and they believe it's true,
and the guy runs California state athletic commission, uh, Andy foster, I,
I have a, a great, great deal, tremendous amount of respect for that guy.
Very proactive with weight, cutting very proactive with weight classes,
very proactive with a lot of the rules.
He's he's really good if he believes that this has scientifically been proven to
be from the same exact thing that he already has been punished for.
I agree with him. I just, that, that guy knows what the he's talking about.
And he's legit. So is navvitsky.
So these people that are all saying that it's legit. Here's the question though.
Have other people been still punished for the
exact same crime?
Have other people tested positive again for the exact same thing this I do not
know. And, uh, I don't know if people are looking into that,
if there's any preferential treatment that would be where the argument would be
with pre preferential treatment,
these tainted supplements are a legitimate problem. I mean,
Novitsky showed us hundreds and hundreds of supplements you could buy at any
store that has, you know,
vitamins and muscle builders and all those kind of things.
That test positive for steroids. There's a ton of amount there, man,
you can get a lot of stuff in these system,
but then there's also people that are taking steroids.
So how do you know who's who the only way to find out who's who is don't take,
don't take anything. Unless it's third party tested,
don't take anything controversial. Don't take anything squirrely. And uh,
sometimes people do and it's up that, you know, they,
maybe they lack a supplement. Maybe they've had good results with it.
And then they get one bad batch. That's possible too. I just.
Wanna know that this was from December 9th.
I wanna know what the levels of that drug they found,
where before December 9th, it takes a long time to go away. And I understand so,
but every time you urine, mm-hmm <affirmative>,
the levels should get lower and lower and lower.
I think what they're saying is this is the lowest detectable number.
So there's no lower than this.
So they should have found this before. Maybe not this higher.
Maybe, maybe depending,
see these numbers the way it's been explained to me again, I'm not a scientist,
but the way it's been explained to me,
this number is so small that it could conceivably be tested in one test
and not tested another test.
And then also as the testing procedures get more and more thorough,
they get better at it. They're detecting things they couldn't detect.
Maybe even just a year ago, like it's continu. The,
the technology is to continuing to grow and they're getting much better at
understanding how to use it and how to, how to advance it.
So it's not as simple as you test positive a year ago, you test negative today.
Like they,
they might have better methods of detection today than they had a year ago.
You've gotta rested today, Joe, the judge is gonna say, Joe Rogan,
I'm releasing you on bail, but the da wants you to take a urine test, right?
And samples. And if you come back dirty, the first UA is free.
They know who Joe Rogan is.
You're gonna go in there and your THC levels are gonna be off the chain. Boom.
This is gonna be off. The chain is gonna be on the chain. When they come back,
they're gonna call you and they're gonna go, Joe Rogan. This is what it was.
Now. This is this. The next time we test you,
it better not be higher than 26%. Cuz we know you're using,
this is 1987. The lady told me, right?
I'll know if you're using or not and stayed to the program. And I went down,
down, down, down, down,
and then I joined the voluntary group and my buddy sent me an eighth of
Thai weed. And I remember smoking a joint and going back and the guys like dog,
did you smoke a joint before you came in for the test?
<laugh> it was like levels. We've never seen.
This is I'm telling you about this. This is a funny joke and whatever.
But I wanna see the test before the ninth. And I wanna see the test,
the most recent test, those levels had to go down unless he, I.
Knew I understand what you're saying, Joe, unless he's not necessarily.
Correct.
Unless he did the steroid I during non-com competition season,
which they're allowed to do.
Whatever the they do. No, they're not. That's not true.
They're never allowed to I, no, I don't know what the. No, they,
they can never take steroids.
There's a band list of things they can never ever have in their system.
They get, see if you are fighting, they'll still test you say,
if you don't have a camp, you're not, you're not a camp.
You don't have a bout lined up. They still still test you. They'll not,
Hey Joey Diaz, how are you? Come on in the bathroom. We're gonna get some,
get some fluids from you.
Now I don't know if they're using just urine or if it's,
if it's urine and blood I'm, I'm not sure with the protocol.
But I do know that it's very thorough and they're catching people or for things
that they would've never caught 'em for in the past.
And this is one of the things about this test. It could possibly be,
as it's been explained to me that this, this number is so small,
that they might not even been able to detect it a year ago, that this number,
this insanely small number, there's new levels of detection out.
Whereas he would be completely negative X amount of time in the past.
Now they can test it and they could find that insanely 50000000th of a grain of
salt size particle it's it's so small that they
weren't able to catch something like that X amount of time in the past,
whether it's a year ago or two years, but now they can.
And in the future gonna be even better,
they're gonna keep getting better at this stuff as they advance the technology.
That's as it's been explained to me, what you're seeing here,
what you're seeing here is not evidence of new drug use.
It's evidence that the testing is far better and that he has the exact
same metabolite.
And he definitely did have it in the system cuz they're finding it a year later
in these TTT T tiny amount, his body hasn't completely gotten rid of it yet.
Still in there. The question is how long does that stuff stay in your system?
They've said through normal detection, I believe Google this,
make sure this is correct, but through normal detection, what's not.
I mean from whenever the, the time they, they wrote this stuff out, I,
I believe they were saying it could be detected up to 18 months, but again,
as this technology gets better and they can detect smaller and smaller
particles, it's potentially possible that that might extend.
So it might not just be 18 months.
It might be 19 or 20 or who knows how long it takes for your body to get rid of
that.
Now the guys like corn Meir and gustasen and guys that, you know,
they look at this as where they smoke this fire, Joe. Yes.
You know, and there's, they have a point too.
And they have a Pointo song. I'm not mad at them for that. I'm a big fan of Joe,
of uh, John Jones personally. I.
Am too.
Uh, for what he does. I love him to definitely.
I saw him an Albuquerque came to the show. We laughed.
I don't think, I don't know what to think anymore. You know, I,
I don't know what to think. This one really, you know,
and I feel bad at you. And I both know this is the card of the year. It's.
A phenomenal card. This is.
The card when people sh in and they make plans around it,
mm-hmm <affirmative> and they do a bunch of stuff around it.
I feel bad for those people. I know what this is like for them.
They just lost this Saturday night activity. Well.
In Vegas it takes a big hit too,
because this was gonna be taking place in Vegas.
All those people are gonna be in town.
It's gonna be a tremendous amount of money for the casinos. And you know,
I'm sure it was a lot of money for them there. It was,
it is a big thing to have there and a bigger arena.
So they're moving it to the forum, which is a smaller place.
The forum in Inglewood is I don't know how much smaller it is than the T-Bo
mobile arena. But he said.
He was, uh,
Dana was saying he could make about $6 million on the gate and T-Mobile arena.
And he is gonna be lucky to make a million in.
The forum. That makes sense. It's just, uh, it's different prices to in Vegas.
And also the fact that it's such short timing.
I don't know what they do with the original tickets. I don't know how it works.
This is what happened. The very first UFC I ever did,
the very first U ever worked was in Dothan, Alabama, UFC 12,
but was supposed to be in New York state. They canceled it in New York state.
They wouldn't let 'em do it. And they, they,
they switched the whole thing overnight down to Dothan, Alabama,
I take a one of 'em helicopter planes
and fly in a Dothan. It was weird. It was weird back then, man.
But that's uh,
that it's the only time I've ever heard of something changing this close to that
was one day. This is one week.
I've never heard of an event changing like this before. Not that I can remember.
I don't know what the is happening. I really don't,
but they seem very confident that you're not dealing with someone who's taking
a drug again.
You're dealing with the very same drug that he took X amount of months ago,
still in his system, the drug that he's already been punished for.
I understand that people get mad, but, um, you,
you don't want to accuse someone of something that they're not really guilty of.
He's definitely guilty of taking it.
The first time people are accusing 'em of being stupid and taking it in.
I don't think that's true. I don't know for a fact,
but what I'm reading from actual experts leads me to believe
that they're making sense, but I would have to, you know,
I'd have to talk to someone who disagrees,
who knows more about it than me to really form an opinion.
So my opinion is like, well, if I had a bet,
I would say he probably didn't do anything,
but I would like to talk to someone who's like a real expert who could break
down exactly what the process is.
Who could tell you if it is even possible that this could be from another
ingestion somewhere along the line. And you.
Want me to tell you what the sad, sad thing about this whole situation is?
What that it really,
really from the bottom of my heart was a great card. Oh,
it's a great card. You know,
when BJ Penn's on the card and nobody even talks about it. Yeah.
Nobody even mentioned BJ Penn.
Well, you know, BJ had some tough fights. I.
I was looking for carloslo and Michael Chase, you know, mm-hmm <affirmative> uh,
Amanda Nuez andyborg I haven't slept for
a week trying to figure that. Yeah. Flip the card, put the card on the,
trying to figure that fight out. John Jones. Guason just to look at it.
Let's pretend it's still in Vegas. You know, you got a guy who's been active,
a guy who's been fighting, a guy who's angry,
a guy who felt he beat John Jones the first time against a very,
very talented, dangerous and rested John Jones.
Is there ring dust, you know, ring rust. Is there ring rust? I'm sorry. Ring.
Dust. What the am I talking about?